DBZ-2396 ByteBufferConverter support converter delegation for unsupported values (#1771)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/outbox-event-router.adoc

value.converter=io.debezium.converters.ByteBufferConverter
----

[WARNING]
====

> If the connector is configured to emit heartbeat events, an additional configuration option `value.converter.delegate.converter.type` will be required.

Reviewer: It's not only about heartbeats, but also TX metadata and schema change history (for those connectors supporting it).

Docs should also mention how the delegate converter is configured (see my comment on testing above).

By default, the `payload` column value (the Avro data) is the only message value.
Configuration of `ByteBufferConverter` as the value converter propagates the `payload` column value as-is into the Kafka message value.

> The {prodname} connector may be configured to emit heartbeat, transaction metadata, or schena change events (support varies by connector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {prodname} connectors may be configured to emit heartbeat, transaction metadata, or schema change events (support varies by connector).
```

These events cannot be serialized by the `ByteBufferConverter` so additional configuration must be provided so the converter knows how to serialize these events.
As an example, the following configuration illustrates using the Apache Kafka `JsonConverter` with no schemas:

[source]
----
transforms=outbox,...
transforms.outbox.type=io.debezium.transforms.outbox.EventRouter
value.converter=io.debezium.converters.ByteBufferConverter
value.converter.delegate.converter.type=org.apache.kafka.connect.json.JsonConverter
value.converter.delegate.converter.type.schemas.enable=false
----

The delegate `Converter` implementation is specified by the `delegate.converter.type` option.

> If any extra configuration options are needed by the converter, they can also be specified, such as the disablement of schemas show above using `schemas.enable=false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any extra configuration options are needed by the converter, they can also be specified, such as the disablement of schemas shown above using `schemas.enable=false`.
```
